---
title: 'Cheating in FUT weekend league'
date:  2020-06-10
author: 'OutRoar'
image: '../images/fifa-20-fut-champions.jpg'
tags:
- fifa 
---
If you’ve played the FUT weekend recently especially during the TOTSSF, you probably didn’t have a lot of fun. The amount of toxicity in the weekend league is shocking.  You also may have noticed how you keep getting disconnected from your opponents especially when you are winning. This implies that there is a form of a no loss glitch in the game. This means that a player keeps quitting a weekend league match when trailing without the loss counting. This makes the game lose the whole point of competitiveness. Recently, the has been a very high number of players who finish 30-0 in their weekend league. In a perfect game and good matchmaking system, this wouldn’t happen. For example, when you hit elite in the weekend league, 27 wins, you are supposed to be matched with players with similar records. If the elite players face each other the number of players finishing 30-0 should be a bit low. One way to account for this many 30-0 is the no loss glitch and other forms of cheating.
After the ultimate TOTSSOF weekend league a pro player, Honey Badger, exposed a player who was cheating and how that cost him a top 100 spot. The guy who was cheating had 52 replays in the champions channel which is crazy. Most of these replays were DNFs. One match he quits on the 89th minute after he concedes a late goal. In other matches, he quits early on because he was facing tough opponents. Even after quitting these matches he finishes 30-0 and has a spot on the top 100. That’s how Honey Badger missed out on top 100 because he was position 101. Missing out on top 100 during the ultimate TOTSSF because of cheating is just unfair and unacceptable. After all the effort and time gamers put in this game, they deserve a fair competition. And this is just one case exposed, others are doing those forms of cheating. Last weekend I got disconnected from my opponents 7 times. EA SPORTS needs to find this no loss glitch and any other form of cheating and patch it. They should also find cheating players and penalize them. We are already having a lot of problems with the game. The gameplay during most weekend league matches is always delayed and slow. The servers are very bad. EA SPORTS needs to address and fix these problems.